Development (#3)
openclimatefix/MetOfficeAMD: README.md

# MetOfficeDataHub
Python wrapper around MetOffice Atmospheric Model Data REST API

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/openclimatefix/MetOfficeAMD/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=64JOBKZNCI)](https://codecov.io/gh/openclimatefix/MetOfficeAMD)

> MetOfficeAMD is a simple wrapper for the API provided by the British Met Office
> <https://metoffice.apiconnect.ibmcloud.com/metoffice/production/>_ known as Weather DataHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetOfficeAMD is a simple wrapper for [the API provided by the British Met Office](https://metoffice.apiconnect.ibmcloud.com/metoffice/production/) known as Weather DataHub.
```

Reviewer: I feel like using `[this is a link](https://...)` makes it more readable than inserting the link itself

It can be used to retrieve weather observations and forecasts. The aim is to focus on the AMD -
Atmosphere Model Data REST API
<https://metoffice.apiconnect.ibmcloud.com/metoffice/production/product/17502/api/16908>

> This currently download only the latest results, i.e no historic data can be fetched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This wrapper currently only downloads the latest results. No historic data can be fetched.
```

> The timestamp can be seen in the grib / xarray files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timestamp can be seen in the grib/xarray files.
```

> This (unofficial) library has been built and is maintained by OCF, not the MetOffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This (unofficial) library has been built and is maintained by [Open Climate Fix](https://openclimatefix.org), not the [UK MetOffice](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/).
```

## Access

> Your need to register and obtain an API key and secret. This should be placed in environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You [need to register with the Weather DataHub](https://metoffice.apiconnect.ibmcloud.com/metoffice/production/user/login) and obtain an API key and secret. These should be placed in environment variables
```

> as `API_KEY` and `API_SECRET`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `API_KEY` and `API_SECRET`.
```

## Python

### Installation

Install directly from pypi using
```pip install metofficedatahub```

### Example

```python
from metofficedatahub.multiple_files import MetOfficeDataHub

# 1. Get data from API, download grib files
datahub = MetOfficeDataHub(client_id="fake", client_secret="fake")
datahub.download_all_files(order_ids=["test_order_id"])

# 2. load grib files to one Xarray Dataset
data = datahub.load_all_files()
```

> ### Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CLI
```

> You can run it directly with python using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the script directly as a CLI using:
```

```bash
python3 metofficedatahub/app.py --save-dir="s3://bucket/folder"
```

> which will download all the files from NWP, join them together into a xarray dataset, and then save them.

Reviewer: `from NWP`

will it not download from the Weather DataHub?

Author: And thanks, yea good catch

> ## docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker
```
